docs: add layers section for map component (#1108)
vaadin/docs: articles/ds/components/map/index.asciidoc

----
--

== Layers

The map component is pre-configured with a background layer, showing a map from the OpenStreetMap service by default, as well as a feature layer for quickly adding geographical features such as markers.

> It is possible to replace the background layer. Custom layers can be added to the map, for example to display overlays.

Reviewer: Proposal to rephrase as:

> The default background layer can be replaced, and additional layers added on top of it, for example to display overlays.

Author: Done

By default, layers are rendered in the order that they were added to the map, with the first added layer rendered first, and the last added layer rendered last.

> For more fine-grained control of the layer rendering order, a `z-index` can be defined for each layer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For finer-grained control of the layer rendering order, a `z-index` can be defined for each layer.
```

Author: Done

Layers with a higher z-index are rendered on top of layers with a lower z-index.
The exceptions are the background layer, which is always rendered first, and the feature layer, which is rendered with a z-index of `100` by default.

The visibility of layers can be toggled, which can be an alternative to dynamically adding and removing them.

> Invisible layers are simply not rendered.

Reviewer: "Invisible layers are simply not rendered" feels a bit superfluous

Author: Yeah, I wanted to hint at the fact that invisible layers do not impact performance, but I guess it's obvious. Removed.

For map overlays, a layer can be configured with a lowered opacity, so that the background layer is still semi-visible below the overlay layer.

> Note that some map services already use a lowered opacity in the map images that they provide, meaning that lowering the opacity of the layer is not needed in this case.

Reviewer: Propose to rephrase this simply as

> Note that map services may provide some layers with a lowered opacity by default.

Author: Simplified the wording a bit, but used `map data` instead of `layers`, as map services technically don't provide layers, and the map data term is consistent with a previous explanation in the document.
